okay hey youtubers we're back for the
finished product so let's finish off
here why don't we and we're on the
mascara process we're going to
yourselves Mac this is some expensive
stuff pretty excited cry probably gonna
cry look up yeah close up
I got it on your face nothing YouTube
can fix it's really dark yeah I prefer
them for makeup processes it's hard to
do on you you're not the most obedient
open
yeah what happens in people yeah I'm
gonna get +2 dexterity Oh
because I'm very affordable makes a
branch true I'm not as appointed yeah
but it's very affordable won't be just
now for some blush okay
we're using blushing Rose by elf I'm
just hitting up the old stuff thing like
I said this isn't meant to look good I'm
just trying to make them look at the
hooker smile simply that's still your
ringtone from like two years you mean a
good night
now we're gonna like do the ultimate
breaking the rules and give you an
intense lip with an intense eye and
that'll seal the fate instead of going
to the gym you just walk forward so why
go out of your door like a leper right
right go to the gym and it takes you the
new graduate some intense red lipstick
you can't do that
just make them no you have to use a
brush to do it's not going together
we're not going for perfecto yeah we
need to put big flower in your hair
though you gotta brush my hair first
don't just look crazy this is pretty
humorous and we have the finished
product drew the streetwalker hey
looking for a good time because it's
somewhere else
hope you laughed watching those
youtubers just for this blog video it's
been funny doing it see you guys for
some more serious videos later okay bye
guys thanks for watching